I still remember the day, when the doctor told us it was Multiple Sclerosis (MS). My dad was 38
years old, father of three children…I was 10 years old when the news hit us. Little did we know
about this disease. Many questions, yet no one with definitive answers as to what to expect. There
is no such thing as one MS.
 
In the first few years, it was this uncertainty which was causing a lot of pain. As hard as my
father tried to hide his fears, we all felt it too. This was merely the beginning though.
 
He was tired most of the day, and slowly but steadily he started to lose important body functions.
As a result, he had to give up his much beloved job which he carried out with so much pleasure.
Walking became difficult, a crutch was needed, followed by a walker and eventually and inevitably
the wheelchair was needed. Frequent visits to hospitals, grief over a deteriorated quality of life
and always that aching thought... what’s next?
 
My father was not the only person in the family who suffered. The lives of all of us changed. A game
of football in the back garden, a bike ride to the cherry orchard, we loved it…Taken away from us by
this disease. Over the years, the number of friends gradually declined. Unable to understand what MS
does to a person, and how it can change a person’s character as well.
 
Twice a week my father visits a day centre for people with physical disabilities. There he discovers
new talents and spends valuable time with people in a similar situation. He enjoys himself in a safe
and caring environment. He is not a patient but a guest. A mosaic mirror was a true piece of art and
proof of his creativity. Seeing him like this makes me very proud.
 
It is sad to witness the ongoing struggle and his fight against a disease you can’t win. My father
refers to "the assassin" when he tries to describe MS. You can never tell when it is going to hit
you again.
 
Over the years, and to the best of our abilities, our family has learned how to cope with MS.
Mentally we are very strong, and even though we know we will need to deal with a setback once more,
we also know we will find a new balance again.
 
When Ans and I met, she asked if I wanted to help with this fantastic fundraising initiative.
Immediately, I said yes because I believe MS should get more publicity thinking of my father but
also to all those other people fighting against this terrible disease.
 
I feel privileged and proud to be able to contribute and I am sure that this exciting initiative
will become a big success!
