The GP was concerned and immediately sent me to the hospital for more
tests. Soon it became clear there was nothing wrong with my eyes and I was
referred to the neurology department. After an MRI scan, a Lumbar Puncture
and an EEG, I learnt they were testing for MS.

Within a week the results came back and they suggested I probably had MS.
I think I understand how it feels to get a death sentence. There wasn't a
cure then and no-one could tell me what would happen next. I felt like I
was walking in the dark. I was numb for at least a week but slowly I
started to see things clearly and in perspective. My sight slowly returned
and I chose to take control over the one thing I could take control over:
how I would deal with it.

I asked my then boyfriend to marry me the minute I came out of the
hospital. He said yes, without knowing what the future would hold. His
unconditional love for me no matter what is something I am still very
grateful for.

I also wanted children, which had now become a difficult decision. What if
I wouldn't be able to care for them at some point? But then again, nothing
is certain in life. So I decided *not* to start with medication as was
recommended, because it could harm an unborn baby.

Little did I know it would take a long time to get pregnant. In a way that
was a blessing, because in spite of not taking any medication I didn’t have
any loss of function again. The signs didn't look good after the tests but
as it turned out, I was lucky.

I learned a lot during this time. I lived my life as if I had one year
remaining. I did the things I wanted to do; I got married, joined a
political party, travelled, became a senior policy advisor and went back to
teaching for a couple of months. But most of all I enjoyed the small
things that make life worth living.

After five years, our long awaited daughter was born. Together with the MS
clinic and my doctor, I then decided to not do any more tests. This was
mainly because I was content with my life and felt healthy and happy.
However, I kept my outlook on life. Let's live life to its fullest and
celebrate all the good things. Don’t wait for the future but live in the
moment. This was an important factor in my decision to chase another dream
after we had moved to London: becoming a guide.

Now, almost ten years after being diagnosed with 'possible MS', I look back
and see that the resultant change in mentality has brought me joy in life.
But I also understand I was one of the lucky ones, and I wanted to do
something for those who weren't as fortunate.

This is how the idea of a guiding event to raise £20,000 was born. The
event will consist of a walking tour beginning every hour and there will
also be some exclusive walks. For me it was important to do something that
everybody can take part in, so there are special walks for people who are
visually impaired or in a wheelchair.

[Book now!](/index.html#walks)
